Let (n(n+1))/2 positive numbers.
Place those numbers in a pyramid such that each one is the sum of the two
numbers smaller than it, if possible.
If it's not possible, leave a suggestive message.


Example: 1 1 2 3 3 4 5 8 9 17

                              17
                            8   9
                          3   5   4
                        1   2   3   1


Example: 10, 5, 6, 1, 4, 3

                                10
                              6   4
                            5   1   3

Approach.

The issue here is that we don't really know how the pyramid could look like.
We can't follow a set rule, like having the largest number of a row on the left or right,
because that will not necessarily lead us to a valid pyramid. The potential answer might not
follow any of these rules.

However, let's make some observations based on the pyramid. First, because numbers are positive,
note that the largest number must be on top. This is obvious because if the largest number were on
a lower now, the number it contributes with the sum is going to be greater than it.

Let's place the largest number on top, and remove it from the list. The largest number from the remaining
list is going to be on the second row. Otherwise, all the numbers from the second row are going to be smaller
than a number that is below them, but that number contributes to forming them. So, the largest number from the
remaining list is going to be on the second row.

One final observation. Assume that a pyramid is formed until row r and let's make some observations for
row r+1. With a similar reasoning, the largest number from the remaining list is on row r+1. The layout would be

  x1  x2  x3   ...      xr-2    xr-1  xr
y1  y2  y3  y4 ...  yr-2    yr-1    yr  yr+1

Say the largest number on the top row is xk, and the largest number on the row below is yj.
We are going to prove that yj = yk or yj = yk+1.

WLOG j<k. Consider the following system:

yj + yj+1 = xj
yj+1 + yj+2 = xj+1
...
yk+





















APPROACH #2 (unfinished)
First, note that the numbers are positive. (>=0)
Let's call a "pyramid" a structure like the ones above, but not necessarily the entire structure.

For example,
                                  6
                                5   1

Other examples would be 5,1 or 3. However, the following ones are NOT pyramids:

                                    10
                            10    6   4

To be classified properly as a pyramid, it needs to have k(k+1)/2 elements, the distinctive shape
and it must end at the base of the large pyramid.

Now, the idea of forming a pyramid: assume that there exists a pyramid and a is the number of the top row,
b and c are the numbers on the following two rows. Also, we define a "flip" as reflecting the pyramid over
its y axis. (the straight line starting from the top going to the middle of the base)

Note that flipping a pyramid still generates a valid pyramid. We are going to keep track of the number of "flips"
we do. Let f the number of total flips we do untill the end of the algorithm. Note that a flip is
reversible by performing another flip.


Now, some observations. Sort the original list of numbers decreasingly.
Number a is obviously greater or equal than b or c. This means that a is going to be on top.
So we flip the pyramid (or not) such that the largest number of b or c is on the left. Assume that number b.


Let's move on to the next row.

